{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Manli Gu, Lawrence Wong, Allen Lao, Farhad Ahmed\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 confirm-registration.php: 
\b0 script to store the new user\'92s information into the database and indicate the registration of a member is successful.
\b \
\
create-event.php: 
\b0 script to generate the page for the admin to put in the details for a new event.
\b \
\
events.php: 
\b0 script that generate the page for the member to enter a rating, from 1-10, for an event.
\b \
\
index.php: 
\b0 script to generate the home page of the website.
\b \
\
interests.php: 
\b0 script that matches the member with a group based on his/her interest.
\b \
\
join-group.php: 
\b0 script that inserts the group ID, username, and authorization status of the member into the \'93belong_to\'94 table (a table that records which member belongs to which group).
\b \
\
login.php: 
\b0 script that generates a page for users to enter their username and password to log in.
\b \
\
login2.php: 
\b0 validates the information entered by the user from the login page.
\b \
\
logout.php: 
\b0 brief page that shows the user has been logged out and redirects to the login page.
\b \
\
publish-event.php: 
\b0 script that inserts the location of the new event into the \'93location\'94 table, and details of the new event into the \'93events\'94 table.
\b \
\
ratings.php: 
\b0 script that updates the rating of an event that a specific member rsvp for.
\b \
\
register.php: 
\b0 a page that allows the user to enter username, password, first name, last name, and zipped.
\b \
\
rsvp.php: 
\b0 inserts the event ID, username, rsvp status, and rating into the \'93attend\'94 table after the member clicked on the RSVP button for an event.
\b \
}